# scientificgraphingcalculator
standardScientificGraphingUnitConvertingCalculator

A basic and scientific calculator with temperature, speed, time, distance unit conversion with the start of a sin and cosine wave graph. I have included the main .java file. I am slowly learning more but I would like a graphing portion to take whatever functions one has, then display this on either another jFrame or a jPanel within the parent JFrame.  I am over my skill limit to be sure, yet the challenge and desire to learn overshadows all fear. I enjoy the process of learning. When I tried to attach a file, computer froze and my mouse was moving about the screen without my hand on it.In anycase, I had to down the PC the old bad fashioned way. 
I am able to build/run and clean/build/run the program without errors, yet unable to run the executable jar and I have tried two different jar to exe programs of which, both have been unsuccessful. I am able to view other executable jars but am unable to create an .exe from NetBean's anagram default game. I have tried many things including setting environmental variables over and over and over again. I have tried creating .bat files to open it. I believe it has something to do with the darn POM file some plugin. I have spent hours trying to run this program away from my IDE but nothing I am doing seems to be helping. Would anyone be so kind as to offer any kind of help. I would be very grateful!
 
 It is going to be another scorcher today, drink lots of water and keep inside if possible.
